I sometimes treat people philosophically sometimes I treat someone harshly differently I don’t know if this dude is alive or this historical character Simferopol Sevastopol founded I think it turns out that I understand correctly that Stalin built everything there in the Soviet Union, we’ll leave everything already It was worth what he did of course  here it is Who built it all what exactly everything was in the Soviet Union What built who built everything under the leadership of Stalin of course it was Stalin's merit, I understand correctly, a very big merit to me personally Avito what a grievance I have on May 9 and there is no [ __ ] a portrait of Stalin now look at the printer under Stalin  there was no printer at all there are printers You can print a portrait of Stalin, everything is just you see Andrey, everything is not so simple because you can still find yourself somewhere in the places where you are from what city you are from St.  you understand love and more Peter is the white guard there will be dv  so daring not everyone understands that Potemkin is in vain you don’t know you know all sorts of names [music] [music] what love she was German Yes, that is, I understand correctly that if Ekaterina is German It built everything so it’s the Germans We get built Yes Peter  3 she married again see Potemkin So he built it under the guidance of Katerina, so not under the guidance of the wildest permission, in fact, she blessed it all belonged to her, that is, she was German, I understand correctly that we can say that this is all thanks to the Germans to us in general So  you can’t say Well, of course, she was all mixed up there, she was German, which means the Germans were True Well, it’s a cowardly name they were Right, I understand that these cities were built from the blessing of the Germans, so it turns out wrong, you understand Well, look when Catherine arrived already in St. Petersburg She converted to Orthodoxy she  she renounced her Protestantism she was a Protestant she was renounced everything she was Russian Pon  you know if, for example, Why did she become Russian and not, for example, a Moldavian, Moldavians are also Orthodox because she became an empress, she was the wife of an emperor, she did not stop being German For example, if we take her, she refused, she even sent her mother away, she did not support the Germans in life, she settled like a wolf, for example  Wait wait when she came only to the Russian Empire when she converted to Orthodoxy she refused all German heir relations maintained no she was German or she is Chinese Well, everything mixed up there, you see, that is, she is German, yes, that is, it turns out that the Germans built all these cities Which Germans are Russian  buildings once again everything belonged to Katerina in the Empire she was some kind of German woman claiming something [music] we have a republic look our state does not belong to Zelensky he is a hired manager And under Catherine Yes the whole state belonged to her yes that is, your ancestors all cities This  was her property  undivided absolutely That is, it turns out that all these cities were founded by some German woman, this is all her property Why Ekaterina bumper 30 on Whose money on his own He again on his imperial truth no on his own on his own money it was a rich man who whose lands these were  the lands of Katerina or the lands of Potemkin Well, of course, her lands were some kind of German Yes, with her blessing, Russian cities were built on her lands;  already all of him lived if he gave birth, more precisely, Ramzan Kadyrov, here he is a Chechen, he was born in Russia, that a Russian already gets up more than any Russian, in fact, everything is here, well, you can do this in what then turns out to be Russian, this is Ramzan Kadyrov Russian, they are drilling Russian there  Chukchi Russian spirit you understand the Russian spirit to think this spirit is some kind of Spirit it is not given to understand gas can be measured yes like the EU  you have some kind of devices there. Everything is fine with us, everything is conscientious. That is, you walk down the street, you see bearded sensations sitting here, you read his level of spirit, read the Russian. Here he is Russian or Russian.  I’m explaining to you You listen, I just don’t interrupt because you understood when Ekaterina arrived young St. Petersburg when she just arrived she was German I agree with you she was German but when She converted to Orthodoxy she already became Russian Why Because today Russian or German refused  origin they how do I feel if, for example, now, for example, Biden will say if I feel Russian that he will become Russian from this, no, this is to act, to live Biden, in short, he renounces the presidency, so he moves to Moscow in the Moscow region, there, outside the Moscow Ring Road, he will live, he will become Russian from that time, it was normal  the practice when royal houses kiss sign that they will have a marriage Alexander Ne  vsky she will become Russian from this if you say that Katerina became Russian because she was baptized in the church, not because she brought Orthodoxy, all the more so you know, and there were no Orthodoxy, she will become Russian, that’s the essence if you were a Protestant, then you could understand to accept Orthodoxy  Well, if you are no longer a Catholic, look like this, Katerina accepted, she was German, she became Russian, if Angela Merkel, she is German, if she now accepts Orthodoxy, she will become Russian, of course, she will become Orthodox, but she will be Russian, we are no longer by origin But everything in life Here she is  she took the right to read Russian That is, she considers herself Russian, you know, she lives in Russia considers herself Russian there’s nothing like that there’s not even going here you’re about to arrive Or maybe it’s good Or maybe she herself If she considers herself a Buryat she will become a Buryat by origin she won’t be a Buryat before  We are under the spirit wants Of course, we must understand to live, including with these  people without questions, I will read to my people how you don’t understand where you live if you don’t normally spoil the soul of people they don’t do such things there is no such nationality Russian so it turns out How is it no who feels Russian who You are Russian yes it turns out well because we have in  kind people we are no one a German who was born Yes a Jew here charged and Jews Ukraine someone was born [ __ ] who was born Polyakov Russian feels Russian I understand Well, look, I’ll move Ukraine now, let’s say I’m Russian was born in Russia, but I think the Ukrainian is right And  who will tell me I’m not Ukrainian, but Well, you’re Russian Yes, no, I got Ukrainian, I’ll be Ukraine by nationality You’re Russian, then I’ll call Russian, too.  a German woman converted to Orthodoxy And why did you decide that having adopted Orthodoxy is Russian And for example, in the Russian Empire there are a lot of different peoples  or So why exactly is the Russian Russian Empire, therefore, the Russians cannot be Russian in any other way. That is, she became a Russian woman, or what was the name of the Russian Empire of the Russian Federation.  Russians are different things here in your west there Ukraine is divided understand Ramzan Kadyrov he is a Russian he is not Russian than any Russian actually it’s good when he fought Chechnya he killed Russians or not Russians at all confused Listen but at that time in any case it  mistakes of youth and now he became Russian Damn I want to be Russian more than other Russians that I killed in the point of view, you understand uh I understood correctly Ramzan Kadyrov killed Russians after he killed Russians He thought I want to be more Russian than those Russians that I kill  No, you misunderstand, he realized that it was a mistake that it was a hoax and he realized in time  you understand it all, it turns out now Ramzan Kadyrov is more Russian than those Russian soldiers whom he killed, that's what Kadyrov does. You know, honestly, the Patriot looks at him realistically. That is, it turns out He is now a greater Patriot than those Russian soldiers whom he killed in Chechnya.  for example, here in the city there are people, it means Russian soldiers who wait here People come out with posters there, we understand the company for them, these are the creatures that actually belong to their country, these are seriously saying who is for Navalny there, these stupid liberals are all creatures they are not  they understand that we have a war going on not just with Ukraine, there Ukraine is against us Everyone is fighting, we are the only ones left against everyone, you understand That's what many people realize who Well, let's now go back to NATO Well, about Kadyrov I want I really like that is  I understand correctly that there were some kind of paratroopers there Yes, Russian ones who died in Chechnya Kadyrov's friend Who is more Patriot Rams  en Kadyrov and fly the paratroopers whom He killed Russians they are all patriots they are more and more Patriot was a betrayal, you understand it was a betrayal of the Chechen people, one cannot say that the patriot of Russia Ramzan Kadyrov killed the Patriots in Russia by a Russian when at that time it was our international wars there was nothing like that  no, yes, these are international wars. Our were Russian patriots fought among themselves for Grozny, they deceived people, you understand, terrorists entered, intimidated people.  besides Ramzan Kadyrov a patriot And who else was a Chechen patriot [music] I see how he does what he does You are Russian and Kadyrov Russian you say Yes, therefore Ekaterina is the same German as I don’t know how Kadyrov understand there She was a Mexican in general Katerina  very Russian when in the spirit of the Russian imperial  there was no Russian matrix Russian was not Open textbooks books Look at the documents there was no Russian Empress and so everything belonged to her not to your grandfather not great-grandfather the truth is that your great-grandfather did not belong to the empire Why the hell do you present for these cities if they did not belong to you  they present to their ancestors this city of Katerina of the Soviet Union The Soviet Soviet Union was not under its successor to the Russian Empire, we think differently No, you can consider that you are a rabbit, for example, yes, but you don’t have documents that confirm that you think that you are a rabbit, who thinks that the Russian Empire -  this is not ours Show the document in which the Bolsheviks recognized that they were the assignees of the Russian Empire still the Soviet Union about the awards of the Russian Empire we need documents for this look for example You can consider that the neighbor's house is your house because you need documents [music] the assignee is a legal  the term it is defined by the document  So you proclaim that you are the legal successor of the Russian Empire The Soviet Union did not proclaim this The Russian Federation did not proclaim this, then some dude in the kitchen proclaims it turns out well, then we already understood these documents that with these documents you remember how to quote Hussein when they killed  there is a wave again, see the Russian Federation, not Putin, no one declared the successor of the Russian Empire, the Soviet court also did not declare, but the physio acted when they declared themselves to themselves, history taught us Russia, we all perfectly understand that the people, see your people were serfs, so your people were shorter at all without  the rights of that Russia and now without rights and you still have absolutely no rights So you have good elections When was the last time you had a room at a rally I don’t go That is, you have never been to a rally in your life Why because slaves don’t go to rallies  go free enough 17 years revolution of 2016 and then you were told not dudes you d  you shouldn’t remain slaves in the middle of Russia Imagine that you have a mayor there is a governor you have roads for example everything is fine in the city No they don’t clean you once tried to write there on VKontakte or somewhere all why we don’t clean runaway snow Personally I don’t  And why Well, it’s like I’m not an activist from this, just a person, and who you are That is, it turns out that nothing depends on you in this country, this city I am a citizen of my country that it is necessary to stop the war so that your dodiks leave, that is, it is necessary to influence your president, I decide in  your country but I don’t decide in your understanding and you don’t decide yours that’s the joke you don’t decide anything in your country absolutely well You have a Russian spirit the truth is in what it manifests itself you can’t say fugitives why we don’t have how much budget is removed  st. petersburg is not so big moscow, a city with a million population, there is a budget. where does this money go? if the snow is not removed, you understand in general  there has been construction there over the past three years there There are two metro stations there are a total of one million metro stations the city of Kiev one million Why is that Why and let me want to understand correctly that they don’t remove snow in your city, but you are interested in Why only two metro stations were built in Kiev  in st. petersburg you really understand that they don’t remove the snow from you, they steal money, but you are wondering why only two metro stations were built in khokhlovka Well, that’s not the point. You understand, I won’t buy, I won’t go to rallies.  then damn it will come out to you even terribly interested in your snow Because the state told you slaves you don’t decide anything here and shut up there are more important things than going out there to slip something about the number of metro stations in Kiev built because my relatives were from Ukraine  Therefore, I’m interested, and now they’re saying listen damn it And they died, but in short you are tormented about metro stations, you are still interested in yes Damn It’s a pity  what characters are fat damn not a man you will be in the record later you are cool interesting to talk and not an orange everything but you are a slave in your country you can’t even imagine that you personally can influence something and you say that I don’t influence anything No I  I influence in my country and at the city level. Yes, it does. And you don’t remove the snow from you, but you worry that there are pops. Two metro stations were only built in a few years because Russians were forbidden to take an interest in your politics. You told you.  shut up no rallies nothing anything you can let off steam go into chat roulette and pile on a crest there you are heroes of the soul don’t be afraid of anything sit there in piles and say something about the governor you there in st.  have the courage we people can in my city people write there mayor mayor well done mayor bad governor well done governor bad potions there good deed bad  oh people can express their opinion, they are not afraid of it, they are not afraid of it, you can say Zelensky bastard, a person can write to him, he will write not You yourself are a bastard, you can have it here We are free people one of the signs of a sign one of the signs of free people is the right to express your opinion if you  you can’t speak out you’re nobody you’re a slave that’s all the country of slaves that instead of thinking about how to get rid of this slavery you think that there is a crest there you know why you envy us because you see free people so you see free people on yourself and  you have two metro stations there and so on you climb into our country because you have envy that we are a people with honor and dignity we had a corrupt official Yanukovych drove him away nafig we were there President our people wanted to elect Poroshenko because they thought that  he is worthy in one in one round they were chosen for against this is already different in 2019 he was the current president he went to the polls lost people  decided to choose another, he calmly left, he didn’t hold on to the throne How Putin and so on went on now in the opposition, there are quarrels there, for example, clients have a confrontation with each other, we have free people then they want to elect another president, they will elect another And you don’t understand this because for  in order to understand this, you need to get exactly this spirit of Freedom in your heart
and not that Russian spirit with rottenness
about which you are talking Glory